Great Zhou disaster
Who is disturbing the human order?
The Son of Heaven should not be killed
Great Zhou's lifeline cannot be broken
It seems that two fellow Daoists are going down the mountain with me
To find out
Ah!
Can't kill me.
I am the Son of Heaven
I can't die.
Son of Heaven, are you alright?
Hey.
I'm not dead hahaha
I'm not dead.
It seems that the gas cloud of the Great Zhou Emperor has not completely dissipated
I am the Son of Heaven
I am Wang shi
You can't kill me
This is called evil carelessness
Dare to make an axe in front of the emperor
humiliate yourself
Your contract is still pending
Then I don't have to go first.
You're just a mortal
I don't have to kill you myself